it is such a sort of instrumental part
of our cooking vocabulary in terms of
the utensils it was like huh that's
interesting for people out there who
live without chopsticks chopsticks are a
pair of two long sticks used to eat
things with one hand holding chopsticks
is a little bit like holding a pencil
except that you have two of them
and you kind of move them together in a
pincer movement most of them are made
out of wood they're also made out of
plastic
bamboo Jade gold silver and even I
breathe everything that's not so cool
these days anymore chopsticks are really
well designed for eating small bits of
food they're good for picking up noodles
if you're really skilled easy rice and
pick up dumplings little pieces of meat
there are definitely some no nose with
chopsticks and you should not use the
chopsticks like drumsticks which I know
is very very tempting you definitely
don't want to stick chopsticks into a
bowl of rice face up and the reason for
that is it actually looks like a bowl of
incense so sort of echoes death
chopsticks are used in a huge portion of
the world across much of Asia about 1.5
billion people are covered in the
chopsticks sphere different cultures
have slightly different variations of
chopsticks Chinese chopsticks would tend
to be long and round Korean chopsticks
which are flatter and often made of
metal and Japanese chopsticks tend to be
round and very very pointy while
chopsticks are actually a really common
place in American society today there is
definitely a time in the late 1800s
where this idea that Asian men because
they ate rice with sticks were of a
different quality than American men who
ate proper meat with knife and fork but
when China and United States began their
diplomatic engagement in the 1970s
Richard Nixon Henry Kissinger had to
practice eating with chopsticks what's
been really interesting to see is that
as asian cuisine has moved from the east
into the west chopsticks have become a
part of the experience there's evidence
of chopsticks as long ago as the shang
dynasty which is about 3,000 years ago
and they love tripods during the Shang
Dynasty so when you cook with these fake
tripods chopsticks were actually really
useful because it was a way for you to
stir and to reach without getting burned
as the water was boiling in these really
big pots Chinese culture has knives and
has Forks it uses them in many cases for
cooking but in terms of like what moved
into the dining room
it was the chopsticks one of the things
about Asian cooking is that it often
comes in very small pieces I think part
of that has to do with the fact that
it's actually a lot more energy
efficient to cook little pieces quickly
but also then you don't have to cut them
so you kind of have the circular
influence where the type of food that is
cooked allows people to use chopsticks
and the fact that you have chopsticks
sort of influences the kind of food that
you can hook but at the same time
chopsticks reflect the communal nature
of eating food you will have these
dishes that you put in the middle it's
very family-style
you kind of go in with your chopsticks
you need to put it on your rice and then
you you eat individually it's actually a
famous sort of legend where everyone has
these really really really long
chopsticks like way too long for them to
feed themselves and so in hell everyone
starves because they can't pick up food
and put it in their mouths but in heaven
people take the same chopsticks and then
feed each other
[Music]